# MVC: Model View Controller
This framework has logical components in an architectural pattern that divides the application into three are “view”, “Model”, & “Controller”. It develops the application by using these three components and it is used frequently in the industry for creating extensible and scalable projects.
## Features: 
- By default, the application will separate the tasks like UI, input, & business logic, Testability and TDD. 
- In this, we can select the searchable and comprehensible URLs by using URL-mapping.
- It gives full access to websites URLs and HTML.
- The MVC framework will supports the scaffolding and Test Driven Development.
Advantages:
- This framework will manage the complexity of the application by separating the model, the view, & the controller.
- The developer has full control on the application by using the MVC framework because it doesn’t not use sever- based forms or view state.
- This framework will useful for the web application which are supported by large teams or Web designer.
## View
In this component, it displays the UI of the application. For example, the web page has different UI like text box, dropdown, images, & font.
## Model
In this component, the model will related to the data which user works for the output. This data can be transferred between the view and controller components. The model is used to insert, update, delete and fetch the data from the database.
## Controller
In this component, it acts as mediator between model and view to process the request which made by users and logic, data can manipulate by using the model component and the view will provide the final output.
                                       
## Citations:
- https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/mvc/overview/older-versions-1/overview/asp-net-mvc-overview
- https://www.tutorialspoint.com/mvc_framework/mvc_framework_introduction.htm
## Example:
The example which I took is sports team. In this example, there are three entities are Player, Match, and Played. The associative entity is Played which is generated by Player and Match entities. Attributes for each entity has like Player has PlayerID, FirstName, LastName, Age. Match has MatchID, Stadium, Date. Played has MatchID, PlayerID, PlayedID, and Score. First of all, we have to create players data by giving  the names and age and then create the match data by giving the MatchID, Stadium, and Date. Then the associative entity will ask for MatchID, PlayerID and Score. After all creating the data in each entity then when u delete particular ID in Player tab then it automatically delete in Played tab. Similarly, when you delete MatchID in match tab then automatically deletes in Played tab which having same ID.
## In this case:
Controllers are PlayerController, MatchController and PlayedController.
Views are Player, Match and Played.
Models are Player, Match and Played.
## GitHub Link:
- https://github.com/MRaghavendar/Maddelavedu_Exam02
